## is done 和 was donw 

被動語態形式

現在簡單式 `am/is/are (not) + pp`
過去簡單式 `was/were (not) + pp`


### Example

1. The office is cleaned every day.
2. Are these rooms cleaned every day ?
3. Glass is `made` from sand.
4. Stamps are `sold` in a post office.
5. This word is not `used` every often.
6. Are we `allowed` to park here ?
7. How is this word `pronounced` ?
9. The house `was painted` last month.
10. My phone `was stolen` a few days ago.
11. Three people `was injured` in the accident.
12. When `was` this bridge `built` ?
13. I `wasn't woken` up by the noise.
14. How `were` these windows `broken` ?
15. Were you `invited` to Jon's party last week ? 

3. Paper `is made` from wood.
4. There was a fire at the hotel last week. Two of the rooms `were damaged`.
5. Where did you get this picture ? It `was given` to me by a friend of mine.
6. Many British programs `are shown` on American television.
7. Did Jim and Sue go to the wedding ? No, They `were invited`, but they didn't go.
8. How old is this movie? It `were made` in 1965.
9. My car `was stolen` last week, but the next day it `was found` by the police.


## is being done / has been done

`is/are being + PP` (現在進行式被動語態)

`have/has been + PP` (現在完成式被動語態)

### Example

1. I can't use my office right now. `It is being painted`.
2. We didn't go to the party. `We were not invited`.
3. The washing machine was broken, but it's OK now. `It was repaired`.
4. The washing machine `was repaired` yesterday afternoon.
5. A factory is a place where things `are made`.
6. How old are these hourse ? `When were they built`.
7. Is the conputer `being used` at the moment ? Yes, Steve is using it.
8. I've never seen these flowers before. What are they called ?
9. My sunglasses were stolen at the veach yesterday.
10. The bridge is closed. I was damaged last week, and it hasn't been repaired yet.

