## might

1. might + 原形動詞
2. I might 我有可能會
3. I might not 我有可能不會
4. may 使用與 might 相同

### Example
1. I might go to the movies.
2. I might see you tomorrow.
3. Sarah  might forget to call.
4. It might snow today.
5. I might be late tonight.

1. Where are you going for your vacation? I'm not sure. I might go to Italy.
2. What are you doing this weekend? I don't know. I might take a trip.
3. When will you see Kate again? I'm not sure. I might see her on monday.
4. What are you going to have for dinner ? I don't know. I might have fish.

## can 和 could

1. can + 原形動詞
2. I can do something = 我知道怎做，我可以得到
3. 過去時間，用 could/couldn't

### Example

1. I was tired, but I couldn't sleep.
2. I wasn't hungry yesterday. I couldn't eat my dinner.
3. Kate doesn't know what to do. She can't decide.
4. I wanted to speak to Martin yesterdat, but I couldn't find him.
5. James can't go to the concert next Saturday. He has to work.
6. Paula couldn't go to the meeting last week. She was sick.

## must

1. 當我們相信事情一定是這樣時，用 must；反之用 must not
2. You `must do` something 你必須做某件事
3. 使用於過去時間，使用 `had to`
4. You must not do something 你不可以這麼做，這樣做是錯的

### Example
1. Silvia worked 10 hours today. She must be tired.
2. It's evening, and you haven't eaten anything all day. You must be hungry.
3. It's the most popular restaurant in town, so the food must be good.
4. I got the job, You did ? You must  be very happy.
5. The phone's ringing. I know it's not for me. It must be for you.

1. We mustn't forget to send Sam a birthday card.
2. We had to wear safety glasses when we visited the factory.
3. I must hurry or I'll be late.
4. Why were you so late ? I jhad to wait half an hour for the bus.
5. Keep these ppapers in a safe place. You must not lose them.
6. Bicyclists must follow the same traffic rules as drivers.

## should

1. you should do something = 這麼做是好的，是對的; 你應該怎麼做
2. you shouldn't do something = 這麼做不好
3. *should  是該做，但不是非做不可；have to 是非做不可*
4. should 也可以說 ought to

### Example
1. When you play tennis `you should watch` the ball.
2. It's late, and you're very tired. You should go to bed.
3. `You should eat` plenty of fruit and vegetables.
4. If you have time, `you shuold visit` the Science Museum. It's very interesting.
5. When you're driving, `you should wear` a seat belt.
6. It's very good book. `You should read` it.

1.

```
You are in a store. You are trying on a jacket.
You ask your friend: Do you think I should buy this jacket ?
```

2. 

```
You cann't drive.

You ask your friend: Do tou think I should learn to drive ?
```

3.

```
You don't like your job.
You ask your friend: Do you think I should get another job ?
```
