## there is / there are

1. there is/are 有(是指存在著，不是擁有)
2. there is 和 it is

| 結構                 | 用法                  | 用來說明什麼？            |
| ------------------ | ------------------- | ------------------ |
| **There is / are** | 存在句（Existence）      | 「有某個東西存在、出現、存在於某地」 |
| **It is**          | 指代句（Identification） | 「它是...」或「這是...」    |

| 功能   | There is / are             | It is                  |
| ---- | -------------------------- | ---------------------- |
| 用途   | 告訴你「某東西存在」                 | 指某個「已知的東西是什麼」          |
| 主詞   | 形式主詞「there」 + 真主詞在後面       | 主詞是「it」→ 指特定事、物或情況     |
| 搭配詞性 | 通常接 **名詞（表示存在）**           | 可接 **形容詞、名詞、時間、天氣等**   |
| 範例   | There is a cat in the box. | It is a beautiful cat. |


### Example
1. Springfield isn't and old town, `There aren't` and old buildings.
2. Look! `There is` a photograph of your brother in the newspaper!
3. Excuse me, `Is there` a bank near here ? Yes, at the end of the block.
4. `There are` five people in my family: my parents, my two sisters, and me.
5. How many students `are there` in the class? Twenty.
6. The road is usually very quiet. `There isn't` much traffic.
7. `Are there` any problems? No, everything is OK.
8. `There is` nowhere to sit down. `There aren't` any chairs.

1. There is a flight at 10:30. `Is it` a nonstop flight ?
2. I'm not going to buy this shirt. `It's` too expensive.
3. What's wrong ? `There is` something in my eye.
4. `There is` a red car outside your hourse. `Is it` yours ?
5. `Is there` anything good on TV tonight ? Yes, `there is` a movie at 8:00.
6. What's that building? `It's` a school.
7. `Is there` a restaurant in this hotel? No, I'm afraid not.

## there was/were、there has/have been、there will be

1. there is/are 現在有；通常有(現在簡單式)；there was/were 那時候有(過去簡單式)
2. there has been/ there have been = 有過(現在完成式)
3. there will be = 將會有

### Example

1. I was hungry, but `there wasn't` anything to eat.
2. `Where there` any phone messages for me yesterday ?
3. I opened the envellope, but it was empty. `There was` nothing in it.
4. We stayed at a very nice hotel. Really? Was there a swimming pool?
5. Did you buy any cherries? No, `There weren't` any at the store.
6. The wallet was empty. There wasn't any money in it.
7. `Were there` many people at the meeting? No, very few.
8. We didn't visit the museum. `There wasn't` enough time.
9. I'm sorry I'm late. `There was` a lot of traffic.
10. Twenty years ago `there weren't` many tourists here. Now there are a lot.

1. There was a good program on TV last night.
2. There are 24 hours in a day.
3. There was a party at work last Friday, but I didn't go.
4. Where can I buy a newspaper? There is a drugstore at the end of the block.
5. Why are the police outside the blank? There has been a brobbery.
6. When we got to the theater, `there was` a long line outside.
7. When you arrive tomorrow, `there will be` somebody at the airport to meet you.
8. Ten years age `there were` 500 children in the school. Now `there are` more than a thousand.
9. Last week I went back to the town where I was born. It's very different now. `There have been` a lot of changes.
10. I think everything will be OK. I don't think `there will be` any problems.

## It

1. 用 `it` 來代表時間/日期/距離/天氣
2. It ... to ...

### Example

1. How far is it from here to the station ?
2. How far is it from the hotel to the beach ?
3. How far is it from New York to washington ?
4. How far is it from your house to the airport ?

1. The weather isn't so nice today. It's cloudy.
2. There was a strong wind yesterday.
3. It's hot in this room. Open a window.
4. It was a nice day yesterday. It was warm and sunny.
5. There was a storm last night. Did you hear it ?
6. I was afraid because It was very dark.
7. It's often cold here, but there isn;t much rain.
8. It's a long way from here to the nearest gas station.
