## 44
pass

## is it ...? have you  ? do they ... ?

1. 
肯定句 You are eating.
疑問句 Are you eating ? What are you eating ?

疑問句的第一個動詞(is/are/have 等)要放在主詞的前面:

|肯定句|疑問句|
|...|...|
|I am late.|Am I late ?|
|That seat is free.|Is that seat free ?|
|She was angry.| Why was she angry ?|
|David has gone.|Where has David gone ?|
|You have been to Japan.|Have you been to Japan ?|
|They will be here soon.|When will they be here ?|
|Paula can swim.| Can Paula swim ?|

**第一個動詞要放在主詞的前面**

2. 

do... ? /does...? / did...?

現在簡單式疑問句 

do I/we/you/they
does he/she/it

過去簡單式疑問

did I/they/he/she 等

|肯定句|疑問句|
|...|...|
|They work hard.| Do they work hard ?|
|You watch television.|How often Do you watch television ?|
|Chris has a car.|Does Chris have a car ?|
|She gets up early.| What time does she get up ?|
|They worked hard.|Did they work hard?|
|You had dinner.|What did you have for dinner?|
|She got up early.|What time did she get up ?|

### Example
1. Where has David gone?
2. Is Rachel working today?
3. What are the children doing ?
4. How is cheese made ?
5. Your sister is coming to the party ?
6. Why don't you tell the truth ?
7. Have you guests arrived yet ?
8. What time does your plane leave ?
9. Why didn't Jenny go to work ?
10. Was your car damaged in the accident ?

1. I want to go out. `Where do you want to go ?`
2. Kate and Paul aren't going to the party. `What aren't they going ?`
3. I'm reading. `What are you reading ?`
4. Sue went to bed early. `What tim did she go to bed ?`
5. My parents are going on vacation. `When are they going on vacation ?`
6. I saw Tom a few days ago. `Where did you see him?`
7. I can't come to the party. `Why can you come to the party ?`
8. Tina has moved. `Where has she moved ?`
9. I need some money. `How much do you need ?`

## Who saw you? Who did you see ?

**Who / what 是主詞**

- Who lives in this hourse ? (有人住裡頭 - 誰 ?)
- What happened? (有事情發生了 - 什麼事)

**Who / What 是受詞**

- Who did you meet yesterday? (你碰見某人 - 你碰見誰)
- What did Paul say? ( Paul 說了一些話 - Paul 說了什麼話)
- Who are you calling ?

### Example

1. I bought something. `What did you buy ?`
2. Soebody lives in thie hourse. `Who lives in this hourse ?`
3. I called somebody. `Who did you call ?`
4. Something happened last night. `What happend last night ?`
5. Somebody knows the answer. `Who knows the answer ?`
6. Somebody did the dishes. `Who did the dishes ?`
7. Jane did something. `What did Jane do?`
8. Something woke me up. `What woke you up ?`
9. Soomebody saw the accident. `Who saw the accident ?`

## Who is the talking to ? What is it like ?

Who ... ?/ What... ?/Where... ? / Which ...? 疑問句，介係詞 to/from/with ... 通常放在句尾

1. Where are you from ? I'm from Taiwan.
2. Jack was afraid. What was he afraid of ?
3. Who do these books belong to ? They're mine.
4. Tom's father is in the hospital. Which hospital is he in ?

What is it like? ，like 是介係詞。

### Example

1. The letter is from xxxx. Who is the letter from ?
2. I'm looking for a xxxx. What are you looking for ?
3. I went to the movies with xxxx. Who did you go to the movies with ?
4. The movie was about xxxx. What was the movie about ?
5. I gave the money to xxxx. Who did you give the money to ?

1. Tom's father is in the hospital. Which hospital is he in ?
2. We stayed at a hotel. Which hotel did you stay at ?
3. Jack plays for a football team. Which team does he belong to for ?
4. I went to school in this town. Which school did you go to ?

## What ...? Which... ? How ... ?




